## ezproxy-student - Public folder created for TRY Conference 2019 Presentation 'Usage Data Analysis Using Python' 
### Presenters: Lei Jin, Josephine Choi
### https://trylibraryconference.wordpress.com/presentation-descriptions-3/#session3pres6
## Synposis
COUNTER data provided by publishers quantifies use by title for journals, databases, and ebooks. However, we are unable to see how widely spread or concentrated this use is amongst our University population, and lack details to inform our qualitative information gathering for interdisciplinary content. With the adoption of open source and Python technologies, this ongoing project aims to provide comprehensive in-depth e-resources usage reports by combining EZProxy usage data and student registration data. After final data integration and report generation, we are able to see the use of electronic resources by departments, by student profiles (year, program), thus provide collection development support to subject liaisons. This additional context is useful for decision making, marketing, and communication. It helps to answer questions concerning collection development, such as, what are the top 10 most popular resources used by one certain department? Which student group would be most affected with the cancellation of one certain resource? Or how does a certain department use the resources they requested? etc. The open source and Python scripts are easily shared for those who are interested and desire to adopt this methodology in their own settings.

### Lei Jin Electronic Resources Librarian Collection, Ryerson University Library and Archives 
### Josephine Choi Library Technician – ER, Acquisition, and Serials Collection, Ryerson University Library and Archives
